{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Since I mentioned regrets, and since I always do \'93Programming in Public\'94, or in this case \'93Scrivening in Public\'94, here\'92s what\'92s on my mind. I\'92m going to start creating a few index cards on the cork board, to get a general idea of what might be in this little book. And it becomes clear right away that those ideas will fall into classifications, and some of them could be quite large.\
\
For example, we may have some ideas about compiling to markdown. We may have some discussion about the details of layouts and prefixes and suffixes. We will surely talk about how to split the compiled document into bits, and we will probably do that manually at least once and then write a little script to do it and then embed that script into the Scrivener compilation.\
\
I can imagine that this may mean that this little book will have sections, each section containing chapters, each chapter containing some kind of sub-documents like our current Sub-Sections. Maybe three levels instead of two.\
\
We can change that setup at any time but it always seems best to get it right at the beginning, especially when we don\'92t know our way around the framework all that well. But I have enough experience with Scrivener to feel sure that we can\'92t get in too much trouble if we don\'92t do anything too radical. So we\'92ll let it ride. I do think I\'92ll create a folder and then test a compile.}